Update ugdg (#188)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T13-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### Architecture

> ![ArchitectureDiagram.png](images/ArchitectureDiagram.png)

Reviewer: any reason for these changes? you want to make the images bigger for easier readability?

Author: oh didn't realise it made it bigger, just wanted to standardise it/ make the preview available in IntelliJ lol. I can revert the changes

- keeps a reference to the current screen state as a `GuiState` in order to restrict some commands to certain screens (more on this under `Restricting Commands based on GUI state` in the `Implementation` section below).
- changes the screen based on the return value of CommandResult.

> #### Design Considerations:

Reviewer: remove the colon here

When storing the `ModBook`, the respective `JsonAdaptedObject` classes will create adaptations of objects in the `Model`, allowing `JsonUtil` to store the objects and save them to the `filePath` specified in `UserPrefs`.

> #### Design Considerations:

Reviewer: remove colon

When parsing, the respective `Parser` will check the current `GuiState` with the allowed `GuiState`s. If the `GuiState` is valid, it will proceed with parsing the command.
Otherwise, it will throw a `GuiStateException`.

> #### Design Considerations:

Reviewer: remove colon

</div>

### Launch and Shutdown

> 1. Initial launch

Reviewer: the numbering for this section needs to be updated as well

Author: how so?

Author: Do you mean to follow the Use Case style numbering?

Reviewer: nope haha just that some parts numberings are not incrementing

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Deleting a Module

1. Deleting a module while all module are being shown

>    1. Prerequisites: List all module using the `list` command. Multiple module in the list.

Reviewer: change to
```suggestion
   1. Prerequisites: List all module using the `list mod` command. You must have at least one module in ModBook.
```

   1. Test case: `delete mod 1`<br>

>       Expected: First module is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted module shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: timestamp?

   1. Test case: `delete mod 0`<br>
      Expected: No module is deleted. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

>    1. Other incorrect delete commands to try: `delete`, `delete 1`, `delete mod x`, `...` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>

Reviewer: i think can remove the `...`
